# Page Redirect Symphony Extension

- Version: 1.0
- Author: Henry Singleton
- Build Date: 11 Apr 2012
- Requirements: Symphony 2.2.x

## Overview

This Symphony CMS extension allows you to redirect to an arbitrary URL, generated by page output. This lets you build a URL using data from datasources or other page information. Anything that's accessible from a standard page really!

Great for allowing short, id-based URLs to easily redirect to complete, pretty URLs, avoding duplicate content issues. 

## Installation

1. Upload the 'page_redirect' folder in this archive to your Symphony 'extensions' folder.

2. Enable it by selecting the "Page Redirect" extension, choose Enable from the with-selected menu, then click Apply.

## Usage

- Create a new page, and give it a page type of '301'.
- Make the page output a URL only, with no HTML or any other content.

When a user visits your newly created page, they will be redirected (via a 301 header redirect) to the URL output as page content. See detailed example below for more information.

## Example

Below is a usage example for an online store, where you want the user to be able to share shortened product URLs via social media etc. They should be able to visit a URL such as `http://example.com/p/521/`, and be redirected to the correct product page. E.g. `http://example.com/prodcuts/green-widget/`

1. Create a page called 'Product Redirect', with a page handle of `p`. 
2. Add `product-id` as a page parameter.
3. Give it a page type of `301`.
4. Create a datasource, using the Product section as a source, filtered by `System ID` using the page parameter `$product-id`. Enable the `Redirect to 404 if no entires found` checkbox. 
5. Attach the datasource to your page.
6. Build a page template which only outputs the complete product URL, using product information obtained from your datasource. Make sure *only* the URL is output (no HTML etc).
7. Test it out!

## Changelog

- **1.0** Initial release for internal project.
